I"ù<h1 id="tripping-through-time">Tripping Through Time</h1>

<p>I ended up curious about what information I‚Äôve been leaving around as I‚Äôve become more
relaxed about having an identity online and found this fun gem. I wrote this in the middle
of yet another attempt at becoming a functional human being.</p>

<p>Unsurprisingly, I have not accomplished even the most minor part of the overall plan I
discovered this nestled within.</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>Do it as basic and simple as you can at first. Deciding that WordPress is awful and
setting out to write it yourself will ruin it. Going to brush up on your PHP so you can
write a good back-end? Don‚Äôt you need a good design first? Haven‚Äôt played in GIMP or
Inkscape in a while, have you? Wait‚Ä¶.what were you doing? Right! Design! Better keep it
simple and lay it out on paper. Which overpriced, imported notebook works best for what
you need? Got your dot-grid-with-lined-sheets-every-other-page-notebook ready for this
awful sketch? Is that a Pilot rollerball? Should probably find a more suitable tool for
this work of art. Surely there‚Äôs one that is capable around here‚Ä¶. As soon as that Lamy
fountain pen gets in you‚Äôll get back to this. But there are so many kinds of ink! You need
waterproof, don‚Äôt you? For all the time you spend in the water? Think there are any kayaks
on craigslist for a good price? Probably at least some decent camping gear. Why does it
cost so much to go outside? You can probably make something else work. But, you do want to
be comfortable and enjoy your time without worrying about your gear, don‚Äôt you? It‚Äôs
expensive because it works. Spend less time worrying about money and more time enjoying
yourself. Jesus. REI is probably having some ridiculous sell, anyway. All you really need
is a bag, sleeping bag, tarp‚Ä¶ No. Design. No, it doesn‚Äôt need to look good, it needs to
work! PHP. But‚Ä¶shouldn‚Äôt you take this opportunity to check out what nginx is all about?
You don‚Äôt want to use CentOS though, do you? Better brush up on every distribution there
is. Got one? CentOS? Well, okay‚Ä¶ But hey, what if you configured the server entirely via
chef / puppet? Better make sure that is highly available and supports DNS round-robin.
You‚Äôre not going with ext4, are you? Isn‚Äôt that a little boring? What‚Äôs RiSER like?
Remember when you were learning Python? You really should have stuck with that. But now
isn‚Äôt the time! You have productivity to enable. PHP. Step One: A Very Basic Blog. Shit.
Of course this requires a database. But there is a whole world of different databases, how
do you choose? MySQL is boring. Remember Larry? What do you think he‚Äôs up to? What about
the Caswell‚Äôs and Steve? Maybe you should go to Faux Pas and see if you can bump in to
them. Probably not, that place is awful. You should go play some pool at Muck‚Äôs instead.
Not too late, though. You‚Äôre going to go for a run in the morning, right? You should bring
Julian. He‚Äôll love the Zombies, Run! thing. He just needs to get out and spend some time
with you and everything will be good. Better set your alarm for 7 now so you have some
motivation. You know, you should really create a GTD platform bringing together all the
pieces of other platforms you‚Äôve wasted weeks at a time on before abandoning and embracing
the inevitable entropy that takes over afterwards. You do have that domain that you‚Äôre not
doing anything with. You could use that. WordPress is pretty basic and doesn‚Äôt really
provide any good learning opportunities, though. You should write it yourself. You should
brush up on your PHP so you can write a good back-end. But really, don‚Äôt you waste too
much time trying to be productive and away from your family and the things you‚Äôd rather be
doing? Aren‚Äôt you happier when you don‚Äôt touch a computer for a week and spend your days
outside? You don‚Äôt need a productivity platform. Do whatever you want, whenever you want
it. Don‚Äôt you kind of want to go skating? Or set up the slackline? Or play disc golf? Or
go camping? Can‚Äôt really do many of those things in your shape though, can you? Find and
charge your fitbit, go buy a Kumbucha and some comfy yoga pants; you have work to do.</p>
</blockquote>
:ET